Your Highness is indeed amazing
But just by virtue of these people here
I'm afraid they won't sell much. Don't worry.
free method
Come come come
In order to thank everyone for their enthusiasm
We specially launched a friend to help fight
Hee hee gameplay
As long as you can get a friend
Come here to buy lottery tickets
Every time someone is pulled in
You can have a chance to throw a throwing knife
As long as the throwing knife is dropped on this turntable
You can redeem the prize.
Like a half-price lottery ticket.
Gold 10 both are OK.
There is such a good thing
You hurry up and let the members buy it
That's a big deal.
I'll hand it over quickly.
Your Highness, you really have a way
I did it! I did it!
Very dangerous very dangerous
One or two silver won, hahahahahaha
Coming, coming.
Come come
Give me 50 sheets.
Why is this all thanks for the review?
No, I've already spent 50 taels.
30 more
Well, yes, as long as there is a consolation prize, it will not be a loss.